CONTRIBUTING.md, before:

# Contributing

> This document is inspired by [elasticsearch/CONTRIBUTING.md](https://github.com/elastic/elasticsearch/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md)

There are many ways to contribute, from writing tutorials or blog posts, improving the documentation, [submitting github issues](https://help.github.com/articles/creating-an-issue/), bug reports, feature requests and writing code.

## License

This repository uses the [The Apache License, Version 2.0](https://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0.html).

## Bug reports

If you think you've found a bug in the software, first make sure you're testing against the *latest* version of the software -- your issue may have been fixed already. If it's not, please check out the issues list on github and search for similar issues that have already been opened. If there are no issues then please [submit a github issue](https://help.github.com/articles/creating-an-issue/).

If you can provide a small test case it would greatly help the reproduction of a bug, as well as a a screenshot, and any other information you can provide.


## Feature Requests

If there are features that do not exist yet, we are definitely open to feature requests and detailed proposals. [Open an issue](https://help.github.com/articles/creating-an-issue/) on our Github which describes the feature or proposal in detail, answer questions like why? how?

## Contributing Code and Documentation Changes

Bug fixes, patches and new features are welcome. Please find or open an issue about it first. Talk about what exactly want to do, someone may already be working on it, or there might be some issues that you need to be aware of before implementing the fix.

There are many ways to fix a problem and it is important to find the best approach before writing a ton of code.

### Cloning (or forking) the repository

First off, you are going to need your own copy of the repository. You can find help on how to fork a repo [here](https://help.github.com/articles/fork-a-repo/).

### Submitting your changes

1. Review & Test your changes

If it's code: make sure you test it. If it's documentation: make sure you view it in a Markdown viewer or the like.

2. Commiting

Follow the [Convention Commits](CONVENTIONAL_COMMITS.md) guidelines to create a commit message

 
3. Sign the CLA
 
Make sure you've signed the repository's Contributor License Agreement. We are not asking you to assign copyright to us, but to give us the right to distribute your code without restriction. We ask this of all contributors in order to assure our users of the origin and continuing existence of the code. You only need to sign the CLA once.
 
 
4. Submit a pull request

Push your local changes to you forked repository and make a pull request. Follow the [Convention Commits](CONVENTIONAL_COMMITS.md) guidelines for naming Github pull requests and what to put in the body.


## Building

Follow the build process is outlined in [the BUILDING spec](BUILDING.md) to create a build.


## Releasing

Follow the release process is outlined in [the RELEASING spec](RELEASING.md) to create a release.

Commit message:

fix: add video guide for making small documentation changes

CONTRIBUTING.md, after:

# Contributing

> This document is inspired by [elasticsearch/CONTRIBUTING.md](https://github.com/elastic/elasticsearch/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md)

There are many ways to contribute, from writing tutorials or blog posts, improving the documentation, [submitting github issues](https://help.github.com/articles/creating-an-issue/), bug reports, feature requests and writing code.

## License

This repository uses the [The Apache License, Version 2.0](https://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0.html).

## Bug reports

If you think you've found a bug in the software, first make sure you're testing against the *latest* version of the software -- your issue may have been fixed already. If it's not, please check out the issues list on github and search for similar issues that have already been opened. If there are no issues then please [submit a github issue](https://help.github.com/articles/creating-an-issue/).

If you can provide a small test case it would greatly help the reproduction of a bug, as well as a a screenshot, and any other information you can provide.


## Feature Requests

If there are features that do not exist yet, we are definitely open to feature requests and detailed proposals. [Open an issue](https://help.github.com/articles/creating-an-issue/) on our Github which describes the feature or proposal in detail, answer questions like why? how?

## Contributing Code and Documentation Changes

Bug fixes, patches and new features are welcome. Please find or open an issue about it first. Talk about what exactly want to do, someone may already be working on it, or there might be some issues that you need to be aware of before implementing the fix.

There are many ways to fix a problem and it is important to find the best approach before writing a ton of code.

##### Documentation Changes

For small documentation changes and fixes, these can be done quickly following this video guide on [how to contribute to Open Source in 1 minute on Github](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kRYk1-yKwWs).

### Cloning (or forking) the repository

First off, you are going to need your own copy of the repository. You can find help on how to fork a repo [here](https://help.github.com/articles/fork-a-repo/).

### Submitting your changes

1. Review & Test your changes

If it's code: make sure you test it. If it's documentation: make sure you view it in a Markdown viewer or the like.

2. Commiting

Follow the [Convention Commits](CONVENTIONAL_COMMITS.md) guidelines to create a commit message

 
3. Sign the CLA
 
Make sure you've signed the repository's Contributor License Agreement. We are not asking you to assign copyright to us, but to give us the right to distribute your code without restriction. We ask this of all contributors in order to assure our users of the origin and continuing existence of the code. You only need to sign the CLA once.
 
 
4. Submit a pull request

Push your local changes to you forked repository and make a pull request. Follow the [Convention Commits](CONVENTIONAL_COMMITS.md) guidelines for naming Github pull requests and what to put in the body.


## Building

Follow the build process is outlined in [the BUILDING spec](BUILDING.md) to create a build.


## Releasing

Follow the release process is outlined in [the RELEASING spec](RELEASING.md) to create a release.
