README.md, before:

# Pristine

Pristine is an open source repository in its original condition. It is meant to be a starting point and a place to find resources to augment your own open source repositories.


## Getting Started

To get started, you will need a [fork of the repository](https://help.github.com/articles/fork-a-repo/). Then you can edit this file and delete everything above this line.

---

### Conventions and Specifications 

Using conventions and specifications make it easier to:
- build and use composable tools
- ease onboarding
- promote contribution
- promote issue and feature discussion

### Contributing

How to contribute, build and release are outlined in [CONTRIBUTING.md](CONTRIBUTING.md), [BUILDING](BUILDING.md) and [RELEASING](RELEASING.md) respectively.

### Requirements

#### Docker:

Docker is used as a building block. Here are the resources you need to get started and install docker:

- [Install Docker Desktop for Mac](https://docs.docker.com/docker-for-mac/install/)
- [Install Docker Desktop for Windows](https://docs.docker.com/docker-for-windows/install/)

Commit message:

feat: add resources for documentation driven development

README.md, after:

# Pristine

Pristine is an open source repository in its original condition. It's goal is to be a starting point for open source repositories wanting to follow Documentation Driven Development. It is also a place for existing projects to find resources to augment current documentation.

## Documentation Driven Development

There are many ways to drive development but with open source specifically, starting at the README gives a middle ground between technical specifications and non-technical. This promotes open source contribution and engagement.

> By the same principle a beautifully crafted library with no documentation is also damn near worthless. If your software solves the wrong problem or nobody can figure out how to use it, there’s something very bad going on.

- [Readme Driven Development](http://tom.preston-werner.com/2010/08/23/readme-driven-development.html) by Tom Preson-Werner

## Getting Started

To get started, [fork](https://help.github.com/articles/fork-a-repo/) or [duplicate](https://help.github.com/articles/duplicating-a-repository/) the repository. Then edit this file and delete everything above this line.

---

### Conventions and Specifications 

Using conventions and specifications make it easier to:
- build and use composable tools
- ease onboarding
- promote contribution and engagement
- promote issue and feature discussion on github itself

### Contributing

How to contribute, build and release are outlined in [CONTRIBUTING.md](CONTRIBUTING.md), [BUILDING](BUILDING.md) and [RELEASING](RELEASING.md) respectively.

### Requirements

#### Docker:

Docker is used as a building block. Here are the resources needed to get started and install docker:

- [Install Docker Desktop for Mac](https://docs.docker.com/docker-for-mac/install/)
- [Install Docker Desktop for Windows](https://docs.docker.com/docker-for-windows/install/)

#### Resources

- [Readme Driven Development](http://tom.preston-werner.com/2010/08/23/readme-driven-development.html)
- [pengwynn/flint](https://github.com/pengwynn/flint)
- [Working Backwards](https://www.allthingsdistributed.com/2006/11/working_backwards.html)
- [Literate programming](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Literate_programming)
- [Hammock Driven Development](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=f84n5oFoZBc)
- [Inversion and The Power of Avoiding Stupidity](https://fs.blog/2013/10/inversion/)
